Welcome to my reading of the letters
of the tarot for August with 15
and this one who talks to them is more expensive
Gemini
we go immediately with your reading
here we have the letter of the sun and here
we have to it and the pot letter
or since it is the only one that goes backwards
comes talking about things that are
stagnant that are not moving
I know it's sun rise they 're the first ones
So he is giving us to understand that
at any time during this month or
at any time in the future we are going
to be seeing that everything that
I was stuck going to start moving
will start
to get out of their way they will see
movements to say it so the
things are going to start to mobilize they are going to
flow is the word I'm looking for
ok new things begin to emerge things
new begin to come to your life that
is what the letters are announcing
to make new doors open for
you new horizons are being
expanding before my eyes my dear
gemini so the letters start
giving you that message
however but we have here until the
norberto
the 6 of spades and sanmiguel in the letter
of justice this can be seen as
a warning
as a suggestion
the letters that are giving us
understand note that the 6 of swords
this woman is walking in this
address
turning his back to the ports
Alberto sold everything to follow the
gospel technically he made a
sacrifice
here the letters are giving us that their
attention my dear my darling is going
is to leave behind what you had
so much you fought so much wanted and believed
to go in the direction of something else in the
lifetime
because here is a change of direction
On your part
ok again requires also
sacrifices you have to beat certain
obstacles but life is not this that
is coming new his life is
pushing to a new address where
there are also new obstacles to overcome
new things to face
ok since that's how we're going to be
seeing that it is something relatively
positive
one of is pink colony in life
unfortunately so new ones come
paths that you have to do
and that's what we're going to be seeing and
these roads obviously bring
I get their challenges their obstacles that
you will be able to win
what are more or less what the letters
the letters are giving us to understand
they are giving us to understand that all this
is closely related to
dreams with goals that you have things
that you aspire your goals your goals
his vision here is a change of goal of
vision objectives
ok or you just want to continue
after something new it can be a study go
to college to school to school
whatever you want to call
or it simply means that you
this has set the goal of doing something
new and different explore something different
in life that is what we are
speaking here we see here in the letter from
priest and the priestess the two
they come out together so we're seeing
the appearance of yin and yang and nothing
surprise you are geminis the polarity
duality what I call the
bipolarity so we're seeing that
manifestation here and everything goes backwards
so here's a lot of introspection is
that there is a lot of analysis on your part
dear geminis is thinking analyzing
ruminating brooding thinking it's going to be
How will you do it
ok you can be very sleepy many goals
that I still want to reach and you're
presenting many opportunities
ok we are presenting many but
many opportunities so you are going to
to be
thinking and analyzing as I said
previously on this this entails
that you most likely have to
become independent of some situation this
it may mean that I have to leave
back something that had weighed
ok to go for something new something
different something different in other
words changes your mind as a
good gemini and is coming towards another new
course in a few words that what is going to
be doing ok that's what I have
for you my dear, you see
for August 2015